feat(curriculum): add tests to css variables skyline (#42067)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-variables-skyline/part-073.md

# --description--

Looks good! On to the foreground buildings! Turn the `.fb1` building into three sections by nesting three new `div` elements within it. Give them the classes of `fb1a`, `fb1b` and `fb1c`, in that order.

# --hints--

You should add three `div` elements within `.fb1`.

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelector("div.fb1")?.children?.length, 3);
```

You should give the first new `div` a class of `fb1a`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector("div.fb1 > div.fb1a"));
```

> You should give the second new `div` a class of `bb4b`.
> 
> ```js
> assert.exists(document.querySelector("div.fb1 > div.fb1a"));
> ```
> 
> You should give the third new `div` a class of `bb4c`.
> 
> ```js
> assert.exists(document.querySelector("div.fb1 > div.fb1a"));
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You should give the second new `div` a class of `fb1b`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector("div.fb1 > div.fb1b"));
```

You should give the third new `div` a class of `fb1c`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector("div.fb1 > div.fb1c"));
```
````
